[Docs] change references and install examples from `yarn` to `pnpm` (#7685)
palantir/blueprint: packages/docs-app/src/blueprint.md

[**@blueprintjs/core**](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@blueprintjs/core) is the primary Blueprint library package,
home to over 40 UI components.

> Install it with your Node.js package manager of choice ([pnpm](https://github.com/pnpm/pnpm) is used in this example):

Author: Which of these is proper?
```suggestion
Install it with your Node.js package manager of choice ([pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) is used in this example):
```

Reviewer: IMO, we can probably get rid of the link here. If a user is already at this point, they are likely already familiar with how to install packages in their own package manager of choice:
```suggestion
Install it with your Node.js package manager of choice:
```

```sh

> pnpm add @blueprintjs/core react react-dom

Author: I missed one*
